okay I didn't know any better do y'all
work on the bus ride to this competition
I mean I don't see a drumline - Azon boa
that's the Bank of America shirt I got
you oh you got a hole in the universe we
do I can have that come here is that
really a show make up hey I know eating
in uniform no no it's fine okay no no
PDA in the band room just look like that
big alien character
all right everyone on the bus needs to
sit down like a roll I love you why did
you tell me that was a fund raiser let
me call my Zumba class okay if we get
out to stomp down from the end of him
but it could be quiet
thank you anyways Saturday rehearsal but
Jan Steve is flying in Shirley
convincing its family so you don't want
to watch drumline do excuse me
it is to my understanding that you
screamed at my daughter Patricia before
the show last weekend is this true sir
who is this no way I'm not watchin
stepbrothers on this bus ride the
colored one
so what are you guarding honey don't
forget to put on sunblock before
rehearsal Oh sweetie don't forget your
sword it's must be overcast all day but
you can never be too careful
um excuse me I want to know why my
daughter did not make the right bowline
who's debbie you need to go to Ohio to
see her hi um yeah I just wanted to talk
to you just I just wanted to know why my
daughter
she plays the melodrama no honey why are
you wasting your time with that too
before there's plenty of single boys on
the snare line my age a band director on
vaudeville and he hasn't accepted yet
can you talk to about that tomorrow how
about that Center snare huh oh sure I'd
love to watch a video to show it's
actually supposed to be what's that one
yeah that's my daughter over there she's
really good huh get it together sweetie
pick it up come on Oh
that was a fish right no what do you
mean they made you rehearse in there
wave excuse me I was just wondering why
Patricia has a better spot than my
daughter I mean come on now she got
things from dropping I think I got this
shirt at like my first band competition
which doesn't seem that long ago but it
was thank you so much for checking out
stuff and mom saying part too I guess
you could say this is my big Mother's
Day present two bands out there thank
you're watching this and it's not
Mother's Day you should still say thanks
they do a lot for us chances are your
boob can't run smoothly without I'd like
to give a big shout-out to Irving Lopez
for collaborating with me in this video
you may know him from his vines and his
Instagram videos if not you should
definitely check him out at punk rock or
anything he's got some really awesome
really hilarious stuff everything also
just recently completed his winter guard
sees in the Santa Clara Vanguard it will
return Europe the summer with the Blue
Devils International Court they do some
help with the space for that I have a
link to his GoFundMe in the description
if you can check it out maybe give him a
hand
that'd be awesome you like this video
give it a thumbs up share with your
friends and
telling me any stories you might have
about the Imams or car bombs or drunk or
moms or dads not no not not dance moms
have my monster oven for a limited time
if you like to buy a JD fuck Larissa and
leave for the summer and yes I will have
them with me on the road in case you
like a bow in person last thing be on
the lookout for some more JD funk or
merchandise coming soon hopefully have
some more details on that later be sure
to follow me on Facebook Twitter
Instagram Tumblr all the latest updates
all the links to that in the description
and I'll see you guys later
subscribe